## Notebook Tutorial

This notebook is also a tutorial which demonstrates basic Notebook functionality, Python code required to run examples and features for analysis and visualization. It will require some basic understanding of the Python programming language, Jupyter platform and data analysis; however, we will work through these steps in each section so not to worry! After this tutorial, you should have a basic understanding of Notebook, Python and how to get started with your own notebook.

Citation: This notebook is based on this Medium article [tutorial](https://medium.com/python-pandemonium/introduction-to-exploratory-data-analysis-in-python-8b6bcb55c190) and [Github Repo](https://github.com/kadnan/EDA_Python/).

## Notebook for Collaboration

Notebook are a powerful collaborative tool which is open-source and light-weight. It provides all the tools necessary to run data analysis, visualization, statistics and data science [out of the box](https://jupyter.org/jupyter-book/01/what-is-data-science.html). In addition, it has gain acceptance from industry and academia for collaborating on projects and publishing work.

Notebook is a combination of text and code with the programming run-time built into the platform so there is no need to install additional software. The text is in the markdown file format (similar to HTML), and code in several languages. It is organized by cells which can consist of either text or code; placed together, they can be sent as a single document to share/publish work.
